This is a list of some things to do:

- warnings in libs under Linux
- increase timeout for TI82/85 sending/recv
- rewrite target folder when sending to a specific folder
- ungrouping of TI82/85 files when option is unchecked
- pb with cmd line (hiboo) ?
- display list for detect cables/calcs
- install SilverLink driver auto-magically (not only copy)

- skip/retry button

- suggestions of 	"Travis Evans" <travisgevans@earthlink.net>:
<<
Hi. I just wanted to make a few suggestions and report some things that 
appear to be bugs. Let me know if more information is needed, or if I 
misunderstood something.

Thanks for the nice work!

TiLP 6.74
SuSE Linux Pro 9.1
Kernel 2.6.4-52
Cable: Sliverlink
TI-89: AMS 2.09
TI-86: ROM 1.4
I also have a TI-82 and TI-85, but I haven't tested them with TiLP yet.

SUGGESTIONS:

* When transmission errors occur, it would be nice to have Retry and 
Skip buttons for backups or sending/receiving multiple files. When TI 
Connect encounters an error, it gives a Retry button that tries the 
operation again starting with the variable where the error occurred, and 
a Skip button that continues the operation but skips the file where the 
error occurred.

This would be especially welcome in TiLP for Silverlink users (like me), 
because sometimes errors occur due to the cable's strange behavior. If a 
problem occurs in the middle of a backup, for instance, I could just 
Retry with the same file and not have to start the whole transfer over 
again. If one particular file seems to cause problems, I could use Skip 
to skip that file and continue with the rest of the files, without 
having to cancel and select the other files by hand.

*Selecting multiple files is a little strange. Ctrl and Shift keys while 
clicking in the lists work as expected, but unlike with other programs 
like Konqueror, I cannot use both Ctrl and Shift at the same time. TiLP 
acts like I only pressed Ctrl. It would be nice if Ctrl+Shift worked as 
in many programs.

Also, when I have multiple files selected and try to drag them, it 
erases my selection. If I hold Ctrl while dragging, it doesn't erase the 
selection, but it toggles the state of the file where I started 
dragging. This is somewhat confusing. (In other words, dragging should 
not also count as clicking.)

+ When transferring files and getting directory lists, the transfer 
progress dialog box automatically resizes itself horizontally. Since 
this often happens many times a second, this is quite distracting. Maybe 
the box shouldn't resize automatically, or it should only resize in one 
direction (for instance, get wider but not shorter again, even when 
there is empty space available), so that it does not change size as often.

* Items like "Screen" and "Operating system" do not appear to be 
selectable. It took me a while to figure out how to transfer these 
items. Since they are not highlighted when clicked, I did not know I 
could still drag them to the righthand pane (to transfer them to the 
computer).

PROBLEMS:

TI-89--

*Every time I send a variable to my TI-89:

1. TiLP always gets a list of the files on the calc, even if I already 
did it (which is time-consuming)
2. It tells me "The following variable(s) exist(s) on calculator" even 
when they don't. The list showing the variables is blank, because the 
variables do not exist on the calculator. Usually picking Overwrite will 
send the files without problems, but it's annoying.

*TiLP detects these files in the Main folder if statistics operations 
were performed on the TI-89:
   -regCoef
   -regEq
These are system files, and the TI-89 does not seem to like sending 
these files, so they produce an error in TiLP when the user tries to 
transfer them or when a backup is performed. Maybe TiLP should not 
display these files (or at least ignore them when making a backup).

*The dumprom program that gets sent to the TI-89 when sending the 
operating system to the computer erases the line above the calc's status 
bar and does not restore it. TiLP does not warn that this will happen, 
and it doesn't send a program (such as dumpfix) to correct it.

TI-86--

*The names of variables containing Greek characters are not listed in 
TiLP correctly. If the names contain Greek characters, the Greek 
character and all characters after it are missing. For files whose names 
begin with Greek characters, there is no name displayed at all (the name 
is effectively a null string), and sending to the computer results in a 
hidden file named ".86?" where ? is the letter indicating the variable 
type. If several such files exist on the calculator, it is very 
difficult to tell them apart because of this.

Greek characters in variable names seem to work fine for the TI-89, 
though. This problem occurs with the TI-86.
>>

<<
Sure, I guess I could do that.  There are really only two differences
between the various models that are important here.  The ROM sizes are
different: 83+ has 512k, 84+ has 1M, and both Silver Editions have 2M.
Also the SE and 84+ have a hardware link assist (similar to that in
the GrayLink and SilverLink.)

Can you actually detect the different versions remotely?  I would
expect to be able to, but I'm not very familiar with the link
protocol.  I suppose you could figure out the size based on the
directory listing, but that doesn't seem like the most elegant
solution.

So anyway, either TiLP needs to figure out the HW version, or the user
needs to be able to choose the size of the image to download, or else
the ROM dumper itself needs to be able to tell TiLP what HW it's on.

Benjamin Moody
>>

+ = done.
* = in progress.
- = to do...
